# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [1.0.0] - 2019-01-30
### Added
- The load service was given more command line arguments. Low coverage data can now be
  loaded through this service, and the new `samples` table can be generated by supplying
  `clinical`, `genomic`, and `negative_genomic` (which stands for the low coverage data)
  external files to the load service.
- The match service can now subset its match execution run by `sampleId` and `trialProtocolNo`.

### Changed
- The `clinical` and `genomic` tables were merged into a single table called `samples`. 
- The `trial_match` table was changed to a new table called `trial_matches`. This table
  more accruately records trial match reasons.
- Subsequently, each MongoDB query translation was updated to be compatible with these new
  data models.
- Classes for `assessing digraph nodoes` and `intersecting query results` were updated as well.
  The general structure of the code base is now more modular, with classes corresponding to 
  `clinical mongo query creation`, `genomic mongo query creation`, `projection creation`,
  `assessing nodes`, and `intersecting results`. 
- `trial_matches` results are written to the database after each match tree execution. Previous
   versions waited until all matching was complete before writing to the database.

### Deprecated
- `clinical`, `genomic`, and `trial_match` tables. 
- sorting is broken in this version.


## [0.1.2] - 2018-06-07
### Removed
- Clinical-only matching. (This will be implemented in a later major version)

## [0.1.1] - 2018-06-05
### Added
- This changelog

### Changed
- clinical field name throughout repo: `DFCI_MRN` -> `MRN`